Now that the army is spending money on me, it’s just a dream again!
Xiao Ming, what you said is too much,
No matter what, I am your father!
Father, you are too fast,
My own father didn't take such good care of me,
Don’t go a day without taking care of it!
Xiao Ming, I have nothing to say about anything.
You have nothing to care about me,
Actually, it’s relatively unthinkable.
I didn’t even sign up for a car when I arrived.
In other words, what do you take care of like this?
It’s just two points and I didn’t deal with bad words every time.
I think I just replaced you
You must think that I did not greet you well
You let me fool you for the sake of you later?
Fortunately, he is from 17 to 18
Otherwise, I wouldn't be able to use the old money if I didn't use it.
Every time a character of this difficulty
You didn't ignore it either.
You're waiting for my things, right?